Refactor modules (#2217)
pyansys/pyaedt: doc/source/EDBAPI/CoreEdb.rst

EDB manager
===========
An AEDB database is a folder that contains the database representing any part of a PCB.
It can be opened and edited using the ``Edb`` class.

.. image:: ../Resources/3dlayout_1.png
  :width: 800

>   :alt: Hfss3D Layout is the tool used to visualize EDB Content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :alt: HFSS 3D Layout is the tool used to visualize EDB content.
```

.. currentmodule:: pyaedt

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: _autosummary

   edb.Edb

.. code:: python

    from pyaedt import Edb

>     # this call returns the Edb Class initialized on 2022 R2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # this call returns the Edb class initialized on 2022 R2
```
